openstreetmap-map-icons_11120_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons-square.small_11120_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons-square.big_11120_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons-classic.small_11120_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons-classic.big_11120_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons-japan_11120_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons-svg_11120_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons_11120_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons-square.small_11120_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons-square.big_11120_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons-classic.small_11120_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons-classic.big_11120_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons-japan_11120_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons-svg_11120_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons-svg-twotone_11120_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons_11145_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons-square.small_11145_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons-square.big_11145_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons-classic.small_11145_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons-classic.big_11145_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons-japan_11145_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons-japan-png_11145_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons-svg_11145_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons-svg-png_11145_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons-svg-twotone_11145_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons-svg-twotone-png_11145_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons_11145_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons-square.small_11145_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons-square.big_11145_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons-classic.small_11145_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons-classic.big_11145_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons-japan_11145_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons-japan-png_11145_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons-svg_11145_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons-svg-png_11145_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons-svg-twotone_11145_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons-svg-twotone-png_11145_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons_11145_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons-square.small_11145_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons-square.big_11145_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons-classic.small_11145_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons-classic.big_11145_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons-japan_11145_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons-japan-png_11145_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons-svg_11145_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons-svg-png_11145_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons-svg-twotone_11145_all.deb utils optional
openstreetmap-map-icons-svg-twotone-png_11145_all.deb utils optional
