
A rough English translation of the texts in the flyer.

>> Title page:

OpenStreetMap - On the road for a free world map

>> Page 2 (with Garmin image)

Why a free world map?

There are lots of no-fee city plans and maps on the Internet. But most
are only for private use and must not be re-published. In a flyer like
this we would not be allowed to print them, for example. Plus, they're
often not current and not complete. Errors are fixed only slowly.

The most important thing is that you only get map images but not the
data from which they were created. You need that data if you want to
create your own maps or use the map on a variety of devices, for
example for routing.

Because of that, OpenStreetMap has people like you and me collecting
raw data themselves - world-wide, sometimes as a team and sometimes on
their own. With our own data an our own software we become independent
of commercial providers. As in Wikipedia, everybody can take part.

>> Page 4 (with GPS mouse and notepad image)

How does OpenstreetMap work?

The map data for OpenStreetMap is collected in various ways. The most
common method is recording GPS data. Here, the GPS receier stores the
current position every second, and this results in an exact protocol
of ways taken.

While the GPS logs the current position, the data acquirer (we call
him mapper) notes down important information like street names,
buildings, park and water areas or other things that should be present
on the map. He uses a notepad, dictaphone, or digital camera. Later at
his computer, he re-draws the GPS tracks and augments them with the
information collected on his notepad. The results are then transferred
to the central project database, and soon after the new data is
visible for anyone.

>> Page 5 (with the three little screenshots)

The GPS track is compared with other data and refined in the editor.

The server accepts the new data and computes new map images.

>> Page 6 (with the book cover - this is the rear side of the flyer
>> when folded)

Join OpenStreetMap!

The English-language project start page is at www.openstreetmap.org.
There's also a Wiki with a lot of project information and of course
the world map viewer. At www.openstreetmap.de you will find a German
introduction with links to forums and mailing lists.

(Book advertising blurb not translated)

OpenStreetMap uses the Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike
license. There are no usage restrictions. Works that are based on
OpenStreetMap data inherit the license.

>> Page 7 (below Toronto map)

The map on this double page shows an excerpt of the Toronto, Canada
city centre. Like the Berlin map on the reverse side it was created
with Open Source software. Many Open Source programs have been created
specially for OpenStreetMap.

>> Page 8 (below Toronto map)

All map images from OpenStreetMap, CC-BY-SA 2.0.

(Geofabrik advertising blurb not translated)

